Improve tutorial 1-8 (#894)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/guide/tutorial-2-modification-of-the-environment.md

%end
%end

> **Hands-on #7**: Create a second ball with the same parameters but using the  [Shape](../reference/shape.md) node (rather than the [Sphere](../reference/sphere.md) node directly) for the DEF-USE mechanism.

### Add Walls

In order to verify your progression, implement by yourself four walls to surround the environment.

> The walls have to be defined statically to the environment. To understand the difference between static and dynamic, let's take a defined object (the ball) above the ground. If the [Physics](../reference/physics.md) node is NULL, it will remain frozen in the air during the simulation (static case).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The walls have to be defined statically to the environment.
To understand the difference between static and dynamic, let's take a defined object (the ball) above the ground.
If the [Physics](../reference/physics.md) node is NULL, it will remain frozen in the air during the simulation (static case).
```

> If the [Physics](../reference/physics.md) node is equal to Physics, it will fall under the effect of gravity (dynamic case).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `physics` field contains a [Physics](../reference/physics.md) nodes, it will fall under the effect of gravity (dynamic case).
```

Use as much as possible the DEF-USE mechanism at the [Shape](../reference/shape.md) level rather than at the Geometry level.
Indeed it's more convenient to add an intermediate [Shape](../reference/shape.md) node in the `boundingObject` field of the [Solid](../reference/solid.md) node.
The best Geometry primitive to implement the walls is the Box node.
Only one [Shape](../reference/shape.md) has to be defined for all the walls.
The expected result is shown in [this figure](#the-simulation-state-at-the-end-of-this-second-tutorial).

> **Hands-on #8**: Add four walls without physics and using only one definition of the [Shape](../reference/shape.md) node.

### Solution : World File

> To compare your world with the solution, go to your files and find the folder named "my\_first\_simulation" created in [Tutorial 1](tutorial-1-your-first-simulation-in-webots.md), then go to the "worlds" folder and open with a text editor the right world. [This solution](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/blob/master/projects/samples/tutorials/worlds/obstacles.wbt) as all others is located in the [solution directory](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/blob/master/projects/samples/tutorials/worlds/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To compare your world with the solution, go to your files and find the folder named "my\_first\_simulation" created in [Tutorial 1](tutorial-1-your-first-simulation-in-webots.md), then go to the "worlds" folder and open with a text editor the right world.
[This solution](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/blob/master/projects/samples/tutorials/worlds/obstacles.wbt) as the others is located in the [solution directory](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/blob/master/projects/samples/tutorials/worlds/).
```
